Feature/1426 implements CustomDataset (#1429)
fedbiomed/fedbiomed: docs/user-guide/datasets/custom-dataset.md

## How to Use

### Subclassing

To create your own dataset class, inherit from `CustomDataset`. The `CustomDataset` provides a `path` attribute, which points to either a folder or a specific file. This makes it easy to use the path as the root location for datasets that include multiple types of data (multi-modality), such as images and text.

!!! note "Real-World Deployment"
    In real-world use with Fed-BioMed, if you want to use a dataset type that isn’t already supported, you’ll need to know whether the `path` refers to a file or a folder. This information is included in the dataset description, which you can retrieve using the `list` or `search` methods of the `Experiment` class.

    **Key points:**
        - Inherit from `CustomDataset` to make your own dataset class.
        - The `path` attribute tells you where your data is stored (file or folder).
        - For new dataset types, check the dataset description for details about the path.

>         - Use `Experiment.list()` or `Experiment.search()` to get dataset descriptions.

Author: ```suggestion
        - Use  `list` and `search` queries to get dataset descriptions. Please see the documentation for [listing datasets](../researcher/listing-datasets-and-selecting-nodes.md)
```
